A note on password integrity checking (#826)
replicatedhq/help-center: content/docs/security/vendor-password-compromised.md

---
date: "2016-07-03T04:02:20Z"
title: "Password Integrity"
description: "A description of how we validate password integrity"
weight: "1903"
categories: [ "Security" ]
index: "other"
---

{{< linked_headline "Vendor Password Integrity" >}}

> Replicated stores your account password as a bcrypt hashes with a cost parameter of 10. This is a non-reversible method that ensures that nobody can view your plain text password.

Reviewer: `as a bcrypt hashes`

When you log in, your password is sent to our servers where we calculate a bcrypt hash of the entered password and compare that to the hash we have stored in our database. If these match, access to your account is granted and you are logged in. 

> The only time we have access to your plain text password is at login and when you change or update your password. During this time, we also calculate a separate, non-reverisible hash of your password and compare it to a list of password hashes that are known to have been compromised from other providers. If your password hash is on this list, we will alert you with a banner and a warning. We recommend that you change your password to a securely generate password, preferrably one that is not re-used or shared on other sites. We never send your password or the full hash of your password to anyone, including when checking if your password has been compromised.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The only time we have access to your plain text password is at login and when you change or update your password. During this time, we also calculate a separate, non-reversible hash of your password and compare it to a list of password hashes that are known to have been compromised from other providers. If your password hash is on this list, we will alert you with a banner and a warning. We recommend that you change your password to a securely generate password, preferably one that is not re-used or shared on other sites. We never send your password or the full hash of your password to anyone, including when checking if your password has been compromised.
```

(this is much easier to suggest changes to when each sentence is its own line)

Also, we should link to one of the blog posts describing this process - I'd prefer https://blog.cloudflare.com/validating-leaked-passwords-with-k-anonymity/
